feat: Allow CIDR overlap for non-HA VPN shoots (#11582)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/networking/shoot_networking.md

| IPv4 | 242.0.0.0/8           | Shoot Node Mapping Range     | Used for allowing overlapping IPv4 networks between shoot and seed. Requires non-HA control plane. Only used within the vpn pods  |
| IPv4 | 243.0.0.0/8           | Shoot Service Mapping Range  | Used for allowing overlapping IPv4 networks between shoot and seed. Requires non-HA control plane. Only used within the vpn pods  |
| IPv4 | 244.0.0.0/8           | Shoot Pod Mapping Range      | Used for allowing overlapping IPv4 networks between shoot and seed. Requires non-HA control plane. Only used within the vpn pods  |

> :warning: Do not use any of the CIDR ranges mentioned above for any of the node, pod or service networks.
> Gardener will prevent their creation. Pre-existing shoots using reserved ranges will still work, though it is recommended
> to recreate them with compatible network ranges.

## Overlapping IPv4 Networks between Seed and Shoot
By default, the seed and shoot clusters must have non-overlapping IPv4 network ranges and gardener will enforce disjunct ranges.
However, under certain conditions it is possible to allow overlapping IPv4 network ranges:

> 1. The seed cluster must have a single control plane (non-HA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The shoot cluster must have a non-highly-available VPN, usually implicitly selected by having a non-highly-available control plane.
```

2. The shoot cluster need be either single-stack IPv4 or dual-stack IPv4/IPv6.
3. The shoot cluster networks don't use the reserved ranges mentioned above.

> **Note:** single-stack IPv6 shoots are usually not affected due to the vastly larger address space. However, 
> Gardener still enforces the non-overlapping condition for IPv6 networks to avoid any potential issues.

If all conditions are met, the seed and shoot clusters can have overlapping (IPv4) network ranges.

> The overlapping ranges are mapped to the reserved ranges mentioned above within the VPN network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The potentially overlapping ranges are mapped to the reserved ranges mentioned above within the VPN network, i.e., double network address translation (NAT) is used .
```

|------|-----------------------|------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| IPv6 | fd8f:6d53:b97a:1::/96 | Default VPN Range            |                                                                                                                                      |
| IPv4 | 240.0.0.0/8           | Kube-ApiServer Mapping Range | Used for the `kubernetes.default.svc.cluster.local` service in a shoot                                                               |

> | IPv4 | 241.0.0.0/8           | Seed Pod Mapping Range       | Used for allowing overlapping IPv4 networks between shoot and seed. Requires `NewVPN` feature flag enabled + non-HA control plane.   |
> | IPv4 | 242.0.0.0/8           | Shoot Node Mapping Range     |                                                                                                                                      |
> | IPv4 | 243.0.0.0/8           | Shoot Service Mapping Range  |                                                                                                                                      |
> | IPv4 | 244.0.0.0/8           | Shoot Pod Mapping Range      |                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| IPv4 | 241.0.0.0/8           | Seed Pod Mapping Range       | Used for allowing overlapping IPv4 networks between shoot and seed. Requires non-HA control plane. Only used within the vpn pods |
| IPv4 | 242.0.0.0/8           | Shoot Node Mapping Range     | Used for allowing overlapping IPv4 networks between shoot and seed. Requires non-HA control plane. Only used within the vpn pods |

| IPv4 | 243.0.0.0/8           | Shoot Service Mapping Range  | Used for allowing overlapping IPv4 networks between shoot and seed. Requires non-HA control plane. Only used within the vpn pods |

| IPv4 | 244.0.0.0/8           | Shoot Pod Mapping Range      | Used for allowing overlapping IPv4 networks between shoot and seed. Requires non-HA control plane. Only used within the vpn pods |

```

Author: fixed.

> :warning: Do not use any of the CIDR ranges mentioned above for any of the node, pod or service networks.
> Gardener will prevent their creation. Pre-existing shoots using reserved ranges will still work, though it is recommended
> to recreate them with compatible network ranges.

## Overlapping Networks between Seed and Shoot
By default, the seed and shoot clusters must have non-overlapping network ranges and gardener will enforce disjunct ranges.
However, under certain conditions it is possible to allow overlapping network ranges:
1. The feature gate `NewVPN` must be enabled.
2. The seed cluster must have a single control plane (non-HA).

> 3. The shoot cluster must be either single-stack IPv4 or dual-stack IPv4/IPv6.

Reviewer: Why is there the restriction with regards to dual-stack?

Author: I've rephrased this to be more specific to IPv4 and made it clear that the shoot would have to be IPv4 only or dual-stack to be able to use the IPv4 overlap feature.
IPv6 shoots are unchanged.

> 1. The feature gate `NewVPN` must be enabled.
> 2. The seed cluster must have a single control plane (non-HA).
> 3. The shoot cluster must be either single-stack IPv4 or dual-stack IPv4/IPv6.
> 4. The shoot cluster networks don't use the reserved ranges mentioned above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The shoot cluster must have a non-HA control plane.
2. The shoot cluster must be either single-stack IPv4 or dual-stack IPv4/IPv6.
3. The shoot cluster networks don't use the reserved ranges mentioned above.
```

> > **Note:** if the shoot cluster is single-stack IPv6, the network ranges should be non-overlapping by default.

Reviewer: This is a somewhat bold statement, but we enforce that conflicting ranges are not used.

Author: Updated the statement to make it less bold.
